Add release note for: #258 (#355)
submariner-io/subctl: release-notes/20221103-privileged-scc.md

> The privileged SCC permission for Submariner components in OCP is set now by 
> creating a separate ClusterRole and ClusterRoleBinding resources instead of 

Reviewer: Trim the trailing spaces:

```suggestion
The privileged SCC permission for Submariner components in OCP is set now by
creating a separate ClusterRole and ClusterRoleBinding resources instead of
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->

> The privileged SCC permission for Submariner components in OCP is set now by
> creating a separate ClusterRole and ClusterRoleBinding resources instead of
> manipulating the system privileged SCC CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The privileged SCC permission for Submariner components in OCP is set now by
creating separate `ClusterRole` and `ClusterRoleBinding` resources instead of
manipulating the system privileged SCC resource.
```
